Refactor: Redirection to boundary/break instead of scala.util.control.NonLocalReturns (#17583)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/_spec/TODOreference/dropped-features/nonlocal-returns.md

Nonlocal returns are implemented by throwing and catching `scala.runtime.NonLocalReturnException`-s. This is rarely what is intended by the programmer. It can be problematic because of the hidden performance cost of throwing and catching exceptions. Furthermore, it is a leaky implementation: a catch-all exception handler can intercept a `NonLocalReturnException`.

> A superior alternative to the `scala.util.control.NonLocalReturns` and `scala.util.control.Breaks` APIs would be the association between [`scala.util.boundary and boundary.break`](http://dotty.epfl.ch/api/scala/util/boundary$.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A better alternative to nonlocal returns and also the `scala.util.control.Breaks` API is provided by [`scala.util.boundary and boundary.break`](http://dotty.epfl.ch/api/scala/util/boundary$.html).
```
